Update CHANGELOG.md (#261)
apollographql/apollo-studio-community: CHANGELOG.md

[comment]: <> "NOTE! Ensure all images are added via the \[label\]\(link\) syntax!"

## 2023-12-13
| What's new | |
| :--------- | :-: |

> | The Insights **Clients filter** now has the ability to **search by client name and version**. It has also found a new home alongside the operations and fields filters. | <img width="1439" alt="changelog" src="https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-studio-community/assets/9868979/2fd9bb5a-63ce-4235-8d9b-70b9bc0aef20"> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The Insights **Clients filter** now can **search by client name and version**. The filter has found a new home to the right of the operations and fields search bar. | <img width="1439" alt="changelog" src="https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-studio-community/assets/9868979/2fd9bb5a-63ce-4235-8d9b-70b9bc0aef20"> |
```

This seems like a slightly clearer marker.

> | Additionally, the Insights page now has **Fast Mode** time range options. These options exclude the last 24 hours of data to help increase load times for large graphs. |![image](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-studio-community/assets/9286598/ecd233c5-8fac-48db-a0d2-c1f4dce3c3a5) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Additionally, the Insights page now has **Fast Mode** when selecting your metrics' time range. Fast mode excludes the last 24 hours of data to enhance load times for large graphs. |![image](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-studio-community/assets/9286598/ecd233c5-8fac-48db-a0d2-c1f4dce3c3a5) |
```

> | Additionally, the Insights page now has **Fast Mode** time range options. These options exclude the last 24 hours of data to help decrease load times for large graphs. |![image](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-studio-community/assets/9286598/ecd233c5-8fac-48db-a0d2-c1f4dce3c3a5) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Additionally, the Insights page now has **Fast Mode** time range options. These options exclude the last 24 hours of data to decrease load times for large graphs. |![image](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-studio-community/assets/9286598/ecd233c5-8fac-48db-a0d2-c1f4dce3c3a5) |
```
